docker network ls

Bridge network : When you start Docker, a default bridge network is created automatically. A newly-started containers will connect automatically to it. You can also create user-defined custom bridge networks. User-defined bridge networks are superior to the default bridge network.
Host network : It remove network isolation between the container and the Docker host, and use the host’s networking directly. If you run a container which binds to port 80 and you use host networking, the container’s application is available on port 80 on the host’s IP address. Means you will not be able to run multiple web containers on the same host, on the same port as the port is now common to all containers in the host network.
None network : In this kind of network, containers are not attached to any network and do not have any access to the external network or other containers. So, this network is used when you want to completely disable the networking stack on a container.
Overlay network : Creates an internal private network that spans across all the nodes participating in the swarm cluster. So, Overlay networks facilitate communication between a docker swarm service and a standalone container, or between two standalone containers on different Docker Daemons.
Macvlan network : Some applications, especially legacy applications or applications which monitor network traffic, expect to be directly connected to the physical network. In this type of situation, you can use the Macvlan network driver to assign a MAC address to each container’s virtual network interface, making it appear to be a physical network interface directly connected to the physical network.
